Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to continue building the product detail screen.
Now over here, we are going to have the name of the products to do this.
You can see basically we have this size box and it's basically for this image we have over here.
Right?
So we have to come out from this size box and over here we can just have the transformer and it will
come here and use control and has to save first.
Okay.
And outside the size box, we can then have a test.
And the value is going to be the product least viable.
And we basically want to assess the product name, how they're trying to compare and use concur and
has to save.
And you're going to see the name of the product over a year.
Okay Cisco and we can style this a bit.
Store and test STI and we can increase the font size to maybe 19.
And also, we can increase the font suite.
Font suite.
The Board and its control needs to save.
And go check it out.
Okay.
Cool.
And also, we can sell it as person.
And we're going to set this for.
Use control and save.
Go check it out.
Okay.
And we could also give this a caller.
CALLER.
Sorry.
CALLER and we can say, call us Grey and we can give this a shade of maybe 600.
Okay, Cisco.
Okay.
Cisco and Nest, what we are going to be doing next is we're going to have a test over year which is
going to say USD and over year we're going to have the price of the products and over year we are going
to have the favorite icon.
Now, with what I just explained, you can see we are going to be using a raw widget for this.
Okay?
So over here we can just have a comma and we're going to be using the raw widgets.
A row with that.
And as you know, the rule can take multiple widgets.
So it has this children property and the first child of the row is going to be a test and it's just
going to say sorry, you as the.
Okay.
And also we can style this a bit.
Test STI.
The star and.
Maybe font size of 18 as well.
And.
Okay.
Is control necessary?
You can see the wire.
And maybe we could also give this a caller ID because.
The sign.
Okay.
You're going to sit over here?
And now we can just copy this.
You to come over here and paste.
Okay.
And this is of this we have to get rid of this and call the product list.
Call the product list.
And we basically want to assess the price.
And this is not a string, but it is a double.
So we have to convert it to a string now and use control and save.
Okay.
You're going to sit over here.
You can see.
Okay.
And.
Lastly, we can add the newcomer and then have an icon button.
Okay.
This is going to take the press and.
This is going to be an icon.
Icon Widget and icons.
Dot words.
Dot Favorites.
Save or.
Hopefully I can spell right on the score line.
Outline.
Okay.
I think it's outlined.
Border.
Okay.
This fits right on the scoreboard, on the score line.
And over in this, to see what you are missing, I think we are missing one additional parenthesis.
And also we can give a color to this icon color start red and we can increase the size of the icon to
maybe 30 and use to save now and go check this out.
Okay, Cisco.
And now what we can do is.
Within the row.
We can then say main axis alignment, main axis elements, the space between.
Okay.
Right.
So it's not take this to this and.
Okay.
Now what we can do, you can see there's a big gap between this and this.
So what we can just do is we can wrap this test, which adds with another row and.
We are going to call this from year.
Courts did it and placed it within the rule.
These containers are saved and it's going to be very close to this now.
And hopefully you understand.
Okay.
And now what we can just do?
We can give a size box within this.
So as boss and we are given the space horizontally, right?
So it's going to be width of maybe just five and it to cover these containers to save and go check it
out.
Okay.
And now we can wrap this entire row with a pardon.
Of maybe just ten.
Okay.
And now we have to come out from the right.
You come and within the call of rights, we basically just use the column to wrap everything up because
all our widgets are generally going to be displayed vertically.
Right.
But within the vertical space, we could also display other widgets horizontally.
But basically everything are being displayed vertically.
So what we can just do, we can have another test.
Of another test.
And this is going to say maybe.
I think we have a variable or.
Sorry.
I'm just going to check this for something like in stock or something like that.
Okay.
We have this.
Is talk.
Sorry.
Okay.
In stock.
That is the quantity, right?
Okay.
So back to the detail.
We can just use this.
Okay.
Use this and all the dollar sign because we basically want to have a test available, so we have to
concatenate it.
So this is going to be products.
Product list.
And we want to assess the.
In.
In stock.
Okay.
He is concerned to save.
And I think we should be seen as zero.
I think one we have one item stock and over here we can then say one item is.
Okay.
We can just pieces.
P.
I feel I can spare that these pieces.
A volleyball.
Volleyball.
In stock.
Okay, Cisco.
And now we can give this a little color.
So let's just try and.
So it has to.
This time, we can maybe close close those grades and make it fade.
So agree.
And I think this should be okay for now.
Okay.
Sims Cool.
Okay, guys.